Okay, let's talk about industry. In the pre-internet days, how did manufacturing facilities communicate with each other? How did they communicate? Clipboards, stack lights, memos, telecoms. How did many people share information in a plan, in meetings, conference room meetings? In the pre-internet days, how did you start a work order on a piece of equipment? How did you know what you were supposed to run in the pre-internet days? You go to a schedule board. You go to a schedule board. How did you start the machine? Push a button. How did you get your raw material? How did the material handler know that you needed new raw material to run your piece of machinery? Phone calls, bells. How did you find out about how the plant is running? How did the decision makers know how things are running in the pre-internet days? They get daily reports. In the pre-internet days, what was the most powerful piece of software that anyone used in the pre-internet days? It was Excel. In the post-internet days, what is the number one form of communication in a plant? It is probably email. Email each other. Maybe a little bit of SMS. How do you communicate? We're talking about the typical plant today. How does the typical plant communicate a problem from the floor to someone else? An and-on board maybe? How do you communicate problems from the machine from operator to operator? It would be digital comments in the MES system. How do I notify a mechanic that I've got a problem with my machine? I am going to go to a webpage and open a work order, a maintenance work order. Or my machine is going to do it for me. How do we share information? In the post-internet days, how do we share information from lots of people? Slack. We use Slack. Zoom. Slack. Zoom. So this is where companies like Flow Software would come in. The strength of Flow Software, right? Flow natively integrates with Slack and it connects to your equipment on the floor. So you can take Flow Software, you can draw data out of your equipment, and you can share reports in a Slack channel instead of going into a conference room and having a meeting about yesterday's data. How do you handle your schedule in the post-internet days? It's all digital, it's real-time, and it's based on a predictive engine. How do you start your equipment? Either from a control room, from MES, from SCADA, or automated. Do you make any phone calls in the post-internet day? No more bells? Reports. This is the big thing. Real-time reporting. That's what OEE is. OEE is telling you how you are performing right now on this shift with this work order since 6am, 7am, midnight. The other thing about real-time reports is it can automatically update our schedule. We can predict when you're going to finish this work order based on how we've been running today. So this is the digital transformation of industry. This is 4.0. The digital transformation. This is not connected enterprise. Why? And the answer is, with the connected enterprise, with the unified stacks of some manufacturers, you have to have a special key, you got to have a special piece of software, you have to have something special to get to your information. The idea with digital transformation in industry 4.0 is that I can access the information I need just by someone sharing me the place in the namespace I need to go get it. Like the internet. Like the internet, exactly. That is digital transformation for industry. That is industry 4.0. And now here's the crazy thing. In the previous chart, or in the previous, before I wipe the board, let's see, this is our progress in the digital transformation of personal and industry. This is our progress bar. How far have most people progressed in the personal digital transformation? Do you know anyone who doesn't use the internet? Do you know anyone who doesn't own a cell phone? Do you know anyone who doesn't own a cell phone? Do you know anyone who doesn't have a computer at home? Do you know anyone who doesn't have any smart devices at all? Let's be conservative and say we're 90% of the way there. 90% of the people we know in Western civilization have progressed. What do you think that number is for industry? How many plants have performed this move that you know of? 5%. I think you're being generous. But we're going to be, we're going to be generous. We're going to say that industry is 10% of the way there. And that's a generous assessment. Now we've already made the argument, the compelling argument, of why it is this stuff matters. The question is, why is it industry hasn't gone from the pre-internet days to the post-internet days? What's the reason? Industry has slowly changed bureaucracy. They don't know how. They don't know how. You won't be able to find a single plant, a single organization that says, we don't need to do this. The answer is, how? The answer is, they don't know how. How do they do it? Profile solutions. That's right. They have to find experts to help them do it. What we talked about with the stack earlier, what's the problem? The reason it's slow is most integrators only work, they specialize in a layer of the stack. So when they're ready to digitally transform, they go to the integrator they've been working with, but the integrator that they've been working with isn't familiar with the entire stack. They don't know how to integrate all the way up. A digital systems integrator. That's right. A digital systems integrator. How about a 4.0 systems integrator? Oh, the only tool you have is a hammer. Every problem becomes a nail. That's right. That's right. Exactly. I love that analogy, by the way. If the only tool you have is a hammer, then every problem becomes a nail. That's right. Everyone knows that this transformation needs to take place. Everyone knows. The OEMs know, the end users know, and the integrators know. We all know. There are just very few who know how. That's the problem. That's the reason it's been so slow. It's not that people are motivated. They just don't know how to do it yet. And that's where Intelliq comes in. That's where 4.0 solutions comes in. That's where Flow Software comes in. That's where Canary Labs comes in. That's where Easy Automation comes in. That's where Bedrock Automation comes in. That's where Hirschman. That's where Opto 22, Inductive Automation, Factory Studio, and Tadsoft. That's where all these different companies, Tossibox, Red Lion, that's where these companies come in. And even within that group, there's a hierarchy of knowledge. There's specialized knowledge. So just like we're building a digital ecosystem for plants, there is also an organizational ecosystem for doing the digital transformation.