Alright, so what is the digital factory? Or what is a digital factory? So, at its base level, the digital factory is no more paper, okay? So it's just no paper at all. This concept of the fourth industrial revolution is essentially the digitization of manufacturing. When the Germans wrote the Industry 4.0 specification, the standard, their idea was, let's get rid of paper. That's the fourth industrial revolution. The digital factory is the idea that people only interface with equipment, and equipment only interfaces with equipment, and people only consume from software. That's the digital factory. The value of the digital factory is that we decrease the number of errors, because we're taking the data from the source of truth, right? We've already established that this layer in the stack talks to our equipment. Our equipment has all the information we want. What are we running? When did we run? How are we running? What did we produce? That's all we really care about, right? ERP handles all of our scheduling. What should I be running? Right now, taking the schedule and getting it down to the plant floor is almost always through paper and through people. And we have established that people make mistakes. Here's the other thing. When our schedule in the ERP system is not connected to our operations on the floor, the OT, this is the IT, when they're not connected, then the accuracy of my schedule is wholly based on the person who knows the most about what's going on the floor. When you use an IIoT protocol and you are building a digital factory, my schedule is relying on data that's coming directly from my equipment. And I can update my schedule. We can write algorithms that update the schedule in real time without a person having to make executing decisions. So the digital factory is no more paper, okay? The digital factory is connected stack. What's that mean? My equipment is connected to SCADA, MES, ERP, and our cloud-based analytics, and there's no paper in between. That's the digital fact. The digital factory has real-time metrics, not supervisors making decisions based on data from yesterday, some report that was produced in the morning. They're making decisions based on real-time metrics, not just real-time SCADA metrics, but metrics related to our schedule, new sales that just came in, hot lots that have to run in real-time digitally. Currency exchange rates. Currency exchange rates, exactly. Current weather, shipping. We got a hot lot that's going to go out. It's going from Dallas to Lincoln, Nebraska. We got a major snowstorm coming through Kansas and Oklahoma. Therefore, it's not going to get, even in the best weather, we can't assume best weather. We got to multiply by two and say that now our shipping date is going to be eight days instead of four. Our shipping lead time is eight days instead of four. That is the idea of real-time data analytics using IIoT. Here's the other thing. Well, big data analytics is the digital factory. We call this a lot of things. This is predictive maintenance. They call it predictive maintenance. I like to think of it much bigger. This would be machine learning. The digital factory has real-time analytics that's not just using the data from the floor, but it's using data from the past. What have we learned from the data we've collected, stored it in a data lake? What have we learned from that information? Oil and gas has been very, very good at this. What oil and gas did, and Lufkin-Sam, the Lufkin-Sam pump-off controller, what they were really famous for was the fact that they collected decades of downhole data. They collected decades of tubing and casing pressure data. So that is just on these oil rigs that are pumping, they were constantly collecting the pressures on tubing, casing, flow, et cetera. And they just stored that. They combined that with information from maintenance people whenever they saw a failure. So they were just plotting that data all the time. And then they took it and they combined it with information from the lease operator. We had failure X when we saw this type of chart, okay? They have 20 to 30 years of data. Problem is, is you can't, there's no big data machine, there's no big data algorithm that analyzes all that yet. What you wanna be able to do is have programs that are running in the cloud to go look at our historical data, look at the information that our operators gave us, and predict that we are driving right into something we've already learned could happen. So that's big data analytics. So that's, those are the four fundamental elements of what the digital factory is. The digital factory has no paper. It's completely connected through the stack. You have real-time metrics all the way through the stack from ERP, MES, SCADA, PLC, HMI, and the cloud. And you are doing big data analytics. That is a digital factory. What is a digital factory not? A digital factory is not and-on boards. A digital factory is not zero people, no people. So, and this is the, you know, in the United States, this is a huge problem, right? When we start talking about digital transformation and the digital factory, your operators and your plants start freaking out. I'm gonna lose my job, yeah. What's an and-on board? An and-on board is, well, an and-on, think of and-on as a stack light, right? So a stack light, a stack light is, a simple one is green, yellow, red. Red, we're doing bad. Yellow, we're going in a bad area. Green, everything's going great. An and-on board is essential. These are discrete values. An and-on board is essentially a television display that is telling you how you're doing. That's what an and-on board is. Digital factory is not and-on boards, although a lot of people think that it is. It isn't. It's not a digital schedule. It is not mobile notification. It is not email notification of alarm management. It is all of those things and much, much more. But if you want to break it down to its base, it's no more paper. It's a connected stack. It's real-time metrics and it's big data analytics. That's digital factory. So you were about to say, because people freak out when they hear digital factory. Yeah, people freak out when they hear digital factory because they think it's no people. And what it's not, that isn't what it is. What it is, is companies are not innovating because their people are spending their time doing this type of stuff. And what they aren't spending their time doing is analyzing this type of data and making the operation run more efficiently. So think about it. I'm a widget manufacturer. What is the reason that I can't produce? If I'm producing 5 million widgets a year out of my plant, what's the reason I'm not producing 10? Is it because I can't sell 10? No, if I can sell 5 million widgets, I can sell 10 million widgets, right? We're going to have 8 billion people in the world. If there are people who want to buy 5 million of my widgets, I can sell 10 million of them. The reason that I can't sell 10 million is capacity. And the only way for me to increase capacity is either to invest hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars in building new facilities or make my current facilities more efficient. When you are an operator, or you are a maintenance person, and you hear digital factory, and the first thing you think is, I'm going to be automated out of my job, you are looking at digital factory from the completely wrong perspective. What digital factory does is it makes you, it creates higher paying jobs so that people can stop doing this and start doing that.